1.  Java is pass by value or pass by reference ?
    Java is pass by value. For premitive types actual value is copied and for non-primitive types reference is copied so changes to the 
    object state are visible outside the method.

2.  From where instance variables got their initial values ?
    Instance variables reveice their default values from the JVM during object creation. After that default constructor is executed.
    The default constructor does not assign those default values.

3.  What is string pool?
    String pool stores string literals so that identical literals share the same object.

4.  Can we make class static ? 
    No, we cannot make a top-level class static. The static modifier is applicable only to members that are declared inside another class, 
    such as variables, methods, blocks, and nested classes. A top-level class is not a member of any other class, so it cannot be declared 
    static.
    However, we can declare a nested (inner) class as static, which is called a static nested class. Since it is associated with the outer 
    class rather than an instance of the outer class, it can be instantiated without creating an object of the outer class.

5.  Can we override static method in Java?
    No we cannot override static method in Java because they belong to class rather than object. If a subclass declared the method which is static
    with the same signature as the parent class, it is called method hiding, not overriding. The method that get executed is determined at compile time
    whereas instance method overriding is resolved at runtime using dynamic method dispatch( runtime polymorphism ).

6.  What is compile time and run time ? 
    Compile-time in Java compiler checks your code before code runs. During compile time compiler checks syntax errors, type compatibility, 
    method overloading, resolves static methods and variables. The compiler only knows reference type not the actual object that will exist 
    during execution.

    Parent p = new Child();

    After looking the like compiler says the reference type is Parent so I will call p.show(). It does not care whether object is of child.
    This is also called compile-time binding ( early binding ).

    Runtime is when java is executing your program. Now the JVM knows the real object stored in the reference.
    Method overloading - compile-tiime polymorphism,
    Method overriding - run-time polymorphism.

7.  Can a constructor be static ?
    No, A constructor is used to initialize a object. So it is invoked when an object is created using new. A static member is belong to class
    not to object. If constructor is static, they wouldnot tied to object creation, defeating their purpose.

8.  Can a constructor be final ?
    No the purpose of final on method is to prevent overriding. Constructor are never inherited so they cannot be overridden. Since overriding 
    is impossible, making a constructor final has no meaning.

9.  Can a constructor be abstract ?
    An abstract method has no implementation and must be implemented by subclass. A constructor must have implementation because it is executs
    when object is created.
    Also constructors are never inherited, so a subclass cannot implement an abstract constructor.

10. Can we call a overridden method from a superclass inside the subclass. Also explain this and super in the context.
    Yes, we call the overridden method of superclass using super keyword. this refer to the current object and invokes the overridden method
    in the current class, whereas super refer to the immediate parent class and allows us to invoke the parent's implementation of the overridden
    method.

11. Why cannot we override final method in Java?
    Final method prevents the method from overriding. Final method means: the implementation provided by this class should not be changed by 
    subclass. final variable value cannot be changed. final method cannot be overridden and final class cannot be inherited.

12. Can we create an object of an abstract class in Java? If not, then why do we have constructors in abstract classes?
    No we cannot create object of abstract class directly because it may contain abstract methods without implementation. However, an abstract
    class can have constructors because its constructor is used to initialize the common properties of child class objects. Whenever a subclass
    object is created the abstract class constructor is called through super().

13. Difference between abstract class and interface in Java?


